Update assignments for class teams limit in limits-specifications-teams.md (#9302)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/limits-specifications-teams.md

|Feature  |Maximum limit  |
|---------|---------|
|Number of members in a team    | See the [Teams and channels](#teams-and-channels) section of this article        |

> |Number of members to use Assignments in a class team    | 1000        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Number of members to use Assignments in a class team    | 1,000        |
```
